Project Status Definitions
1. Completed – Case Closed
A closure letter or other formal closure decision document has been issued for the site.
2. Open – Assessment & Interim Remedial Action
An “interim” remedial action is occurring at the site AND additional activities such as site characterization,
investigation, risk evaluation, and/or site conceptual model development are occurring.
3. Open – Inactive
No regulatory oversight activities are being conducted by the Lead Agency.
4. Open – Remediation
An approved remedy or remedies has/have been selected for the impacted media at the site and the
responsible party (RP) is implementing one or more remedy under an approved cleanup plan for the site. This
includes any ongoing remedy that is either passive or active, or uses a combination of technologies. For
example, a site implementing only a long term groundwater monitoring program, or a “monitored natural
attenuation” (MNA) remedy without any active groundwater treatment as part of the remedy, is considered an
open case under remediation until site closure is completed.
5. Open – Site Assessment
Site characterization, investigation, risk evaluation, and/or site conceptual model
development are occurring at the site. Examples of site assessment activities include, but are not limited to, the
following: 1) identification of the contaminants and the investigation of their potential impacts; 2) determination
of the threats/impacts to water quality; 3) evaluation of the risk to humans and ecology; 4) delineation of the
nature and extent of contamination; 5) delineation of the contaminant plume(s); and 6) development of the Site
Conceptual Model.
6. Open – Verification Monitoring (use only for UST, Chapter 16 regulated cases)
Remediation phases are essentially complete and a monitoring/sampling program is occurring to confirm
successful completion of cleanup at the Site. (e.g. No “active” remediation is considered necessary or no
additional “active” remediation is anticipated as needed. Active remediation system(s) has/have been shut-off
and the potential for a rebound in contaminant concentrations is under evaluation).
6.5 Open – Long Term Management
Remediation phases are complete, all current risks to receptors are mitigated, and risk management measures
are in place. A monitoring/sampling program is occurring to confirm ongoing performance of the risk
management measures (e.g. visual inspection of caps to prevent dermal exposure, or pressure monitoring of
sub-slab depressurization systems). The case should be periodically re-evaluated (i.e. Five Year Reviews) to
verify that the risk management remains effective and to evaluate the case for closure when risk management
is no longer warranted.
7. Open – Reopen Case (available selection only for previously closed cases)
This is not a case status. This field should be selected to record the date that the case was reopened for
further investigation and/or remediation. A case status should immediately be selected from the list of case
status choices after recording this date.
8. Open – Eligible for Closure
Corrective action at the Site has been determined to be completed and any remaining petroleum constituents
from the release are considered to be low threat to Human Health, Safety, and the Environment. The case in
GeoTracker is going through the process of being closed.
