Hello Mr. Chen.
1 message
A. DiMarcello <amd949609@gmail.com> Wed, Jun 8, 2022 at 10:30 PM
To: alex@acnonprofitlaw.com
Hello Mr. Chen,
I hope this letter finds you well.
I am currently seeking an attorney. I have been guided by Government assistance for a year and I am
being told to seek an attorney now.
I am in the rental relief program and I was evicted at gun point after I was told by Irvine City Officials my
lockout was not going to happen. I was intentionally lied to so that I would not know the dangerous and
violent situation was going to happen. If my friend was not home with me, like me and my young son
usually were, I may not be here or my son.
My friends father is in the CIA. This “hit” on my life was ordered by my billionaire landlord, Shea
Properties.
There’s more, much more.
Here is a timeline list of what I have recorded and supplied the Government. And I will also include a
list of who I have been in contact with.
My Background
I am a technical designer (CNC, 3D Print) for sanitation projects. I make blueprints that allow the
project to move forward. I worked through Covid and caught Covid bc I was working in essential
services. People do not get into their homes bc projects cannot finish without plans for the sanitation
being complete. That was my job when Covid started.
Also all of the sales and marketing for the company were created and executed by me. My sales
systems produced over 500k a year in sales for the company and I had to design all of it. I was barely
paid and I couldn’t stop working bc people needed to be in their homes during Covid. I created custom
systems and protocols to speed up the technical designs, which sped up the project. And my sales
system was running on its own, generating revenue automatically , so I could focus on all the design
work, when I was laid off.
I am also an IHSS caretaker, it was my give back, I had to give that up.
I also was getting my son and his best friend every other day from school for the last 3 years, even
through Covid. That big part of our life, I worked so hard to achieve, was taken from us.
(2012)
I was the executive producer of Amerikidz
Magazine. I spearheaded distributing millions of copies profitably throughout Orange County for years,
and it was a free magazine.
(2008-2012)
I was a commodity broker and fintech designer.
Timeline of events/List
Jan 2021
I catch Covid , and so do the other employees and the boss
Feb 2021
I am hurting for funds from missed time with Covid, the dysfunction in the shop affects everyone’s
finances
I sign up for the rental RELEIF program bc of work becoming expensive due to being late and other cost
factors related to being sick with Covid fallout
April 23rd
Shea employee runs onto my porch unexpectedly and very angry. He says my payments and paperwork
for RR were not correct and he announced to the neighborhood I’m being evicted.
In front of my kid.
May 4th
My birthday
(I turned 38)
Woke up in my perfect apt I share with my son and ready to kick ass. Celebrate my bday. Head out in
my sports car to the factory I helped build and see what is todays fires to put out. Hopefully collect
money Owed to me.
May 15th
I am laid off from my job
June 15
My chase bank account is closed and I am sent 1200 dollars. The money includes my car payments
that were reversed by Chase. And credit cards payments returned bc chase closed the acct. They don’t
tell me why it was closed. I changed my local banking from my HB location to the Shea Property Chase
location. The Shea location is the one that shut my acct down.
July 1st
I am told by the sheriff that my eviction and lock out will be July 12th
July 12th
I am told by Irvine assembly members that I will not be evicted bc I am in the rental RELEIF program,
and that I can stay in my home until the end of my lease in sept.
Aug 4th
Shea and 5 sherrifs conduct a surprise break in and eviction at gun point and I am locked out of my
home.
Aug 25
I file my extension paperwork for my rental RELEIF in the unlawful detainer case file
The court makes me motion and ex parte to simply file the extension.
Aug 28
After I’m laughed at in court when I bring up my eviction at gun point, I decide it’s time to hire a lawyer,
move back to HB near my son and focus on getting my career back on track.
I made an appt with navy federal bc my grandfather had an acct and loans with them.
I was denied an acct bc my ID was expired.
I ordered my renewed ID already months ago and just then realized I never received it. With everything
going on I just didn’t even think about it. But I never received it and couldn’t open a bank account or
take out a loan.
Sept 10
I am working with ally bank and my creditors credit cards I am living off of. The money chase is
sending from my acct didn’t show up yet and it was my auto payments and my credit cards. Ally bank
says I can make a payment via money gram then next Monday, they are aware chase closed the
payments and what is going on.
Sept 11th
My car is repoed
Sept 15th
I am told my classic car is being towed and I have no way of stopping it by the time I am called about it
By Sept 15th 2021
My ID has not showed up,
the money from chase hasn’t showed up,
my unemployment claim I made from when I was laid off has not showed up,
my rental RELEIF hasn’t showed up,
I’ve lost my home,
I lost My career,
My credit score drops huge,
My valuable possessions in my home are sold,
And I lose 2 rare vehicles that were profitable
(Even the one I was making payments on)
I can’t open a bank acct,
I can’t take out a loan,
I can’t rent a car
I can’t afford a place to live
I have no valid Identification
No medical insurance
No welfare
And I lose my son.
That was Sept, 2021
Feb 2022
My ID shows up
April 25
Edd calls me to finish my claim still pending after almost a year after my layoff, they don’t have my
acct, and they don’t have my claim from my layoff in May. Or the details and timelines involved with my
past employer.
April 26th
Senator Feinstein has been working with me since October 2021 and was submitted this timeline. I
reported to them that EDD didn’t have my acct. Her office head Mr. Wu promised to fix and expedite the
situation.
April 27th
An EDD Rep called me the next day, I told the rep that EDD didn’t have my acct. The rep offered me
money from the acct they had. I denied the offer. I explained the situation to Mr. Wu and reiterated
again that EDD didn’t have my acct.
April 28th
My food stamps are cutoff and Mr. Wu insists EDD is sending me money from my acct. And I have no
choice to take the money bc I have no food money at this point. They keep sending me money from
this EDD acct that is not mine, so I am still living off of the money from the acct. bc I have no choice.
And I tried to tell everyone this was not my acct. they forced it on me.
May 4th
My Birthday
(I turned 39)
Woke up in a car I was lent for my bday from a freind trying to help me.
May 9th
I ask the senator to focus on my layoff and EDD later. I was going to use the edd money to pursue my
career and hire a lawyer for my eviction. The senator tells me to contact the local authorities regarding
my surprise eviction and rental RELEIF money.
Local authorities, Like the sheriff that evicted me? Irvine police and everyone already know what’s
going on, they co-signed it. And then collected my rental RELEIF money.
Shea Properties are worth 2.5 Billion.
May 10th - May 21st
I reach out to every group I spoke with before during and after my eviction. And I contact the
individuals, officials and reps I was in touch with. Also new contacts regarding rental relief and eviction
by Shea Properties.
May 22nd
I send a final email to all and including documentation showing Shea, Moreno, Roundtree, and Levine
have been working together for a long time creating JVs in housing. And that they always used the
same shell company under Moreno that he was about to use to illegally sell Angels Stadium and steal
the affordable housing from homeless people. Like myself, which they made me.
Looks like at least that email got some
justice done.
Today
June 6th 2022
It’s been a year now without my son.
I have been homeless since I was evicted and have been in touch with senators and everyone else
down from there in the government. Nothing has changed.
I have nothing left. My health is failing bc I have impacted wisdom teeth. Last night I felt like I had a
toxic kind of seizure from an infection in my tooth. I had some old amoxicillins and I’m here fighting
another day.
I am out of time on my forced urban camping survival thing. I stay around my sons home with his mom
and where I lived
(in another home, we’re separated) before I moved into the apt in Irvine. I am concerned for my sons
safety since I have had to go after billionaires and their cronies alone with nothing. And they already
robbed me once at gunpoint and changed a lot in the system to disenfranchise me.
I trust myself if I have no resources or security. And I’m fading fast.
I don’t have files, docs, nothing. If I was to attempt to search my files emails etc, I can’t do that being
homeless. Or in this health now.
I also don’t have any advice or know what to do. I do know I can die now living like this and I was
robbed of everything I owned and need it back, or I can die. I hope this is resolved asap.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
And I cannot wait any longer for resources.
Thank You,
Anthony DiMarcello
949-659-7131
My eviction case links
Case 30-2021-01201327-CL-
Id: UD-CJC
Case Title: WOODBRIDGE MEADOWS APARTMENTS LLC VS.
ANTHONY DIMARCELLO
Case UNLAWFUL DETAINER - RESIDENTIAL
Type:
Filing 05/18/2021
Date:
Category: CIVIL - LIMITE
https://civilwebshopping.occourts.org/ShowCase.do;jsessionid=
D5ECE09C785BAD40648FCE9ECFC79E64?index=0&nscid=30-2021-01201327-CL-UD-
CJC&tab=0&isNS=y#caseAnchor
OC Sherrif civil court link
https://civil.ocsheriff.gov/FileStatus/PublicCaseDetails
Who was contacted (short list, I can only gather so much data right now)
community@angels.mlb.com,investigations@cnbc.com,fox11news@
fox.com,dazzidean@yahoo.com,dazzidean@gmail.com,casework_feins@feinstein.senate.gov,ant
honykuo@cityofirvine.org,farrahkhan@cityofirvine.org,housing@doj.ca.gov,info@ocsheriff.gov
,larryagran@cityofirvine.org,mikecarroll@cityofirvine.org,pio@cityofirvine.org,press@
trumporg.com,press@tesla.com,tammykim@cityofirvine.org,complaints@tigta.treas.gov,dcsssban
ddvbeadvocate@dcss.ca.gov,scalzo@communitylegalsocal.org,contact@communitylegalsocal.org,s
mith@communitylegalsocal.org,dsmith@secretservice.gov,contact@secretservice.gov,mscott@
kslaw.com,info@peta.org,julie@californiaartsadvocates.org,bhull@cityofirvine.org,fjahid@
cityofirvine.org,caperson@hbpd.org,cliaison@hbpd.org,phtf-officers@hbpd.org,office@
orcgg.org,homelessunitedhb@gmail.com,phtf-casemanagers@hbpd.org,etp949609@gmail.com,e
xecutivesecretariat@dol.gov,whd-covid19@dol.gov,retaliation@dir.ca.gov,complaints@calepa.
ca.gov,support+kidrock@onelivemedia.com,hello@jrepodcast.com,joe@joerogan.
net,phishing@irs.gov,joe@joerogan.netv,ocr@ed.gov,crclcompliance@hq.dhs.gov,central@
cisa.gov,help@sec.gov,tips@vice.com,david.pai@doj.ca.gov,gaudet@anaheim.net,jmoreno@
anaheim.net,hudlosangelesoph@hud.gov,hud-pihrc@tngusa.net,jon.p.thomas@hud.gov,contact.
center@dfeh.ca.gov,toneil@anaheim.net,cwessel@anaheim.net,info@joebiden.com,info@
contact.joebiden.com,press@hrc.org,la@hrw.org, jmoreno@anaheim.net
Brian.Adkins@ic.fbi.gov
